Update tar.gz, zip infra-agent installation with checksums verification (#8119)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/linux-installation/tarball-assisted-install-infrastructure-agent-linux.mdx

To install the agent:

> 1. Download the [packaged agent file](https://download.newrelic.com/infrastructure_agent/binaries/linux/) or use our one-liner command to fetch the given version of the agent with checksum and automatically verify it. You will need to set desired architecture (amd64, 386, arm64, arm) and [version](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the [packaged agent file](https://download.newrelic.com/infrastructure_agent/binaries/linux/) or use the following command that automatically fetches a specific version of the agent, its checksum and verifies it after download. Replace `ARCH=amd64` with desired architecture (amd64, 386, arm64, arm) and `V=1.127.3` with [latest or specific version](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent/releases/latest). 
```

Author: updated
